Don't tell people to DM each other - yuck! (#11647)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/company/communication.md

3. Share the RFC:
    - Assign people whom this RFC will impact, or who may have good opinions on the topic, as reviews to the pull request.
    - Post in the relevant Slack channel (normally the teams slack channel, or `#tell-posthog-anything` if it's a bigger cross-team RFC)

>     - The importand thing is not to get the RFC approved, but to get the right people involved and commenting. That means you might need to chase them to make sure it happens - tag the people, present at all hands, use offsites or other sync time - **it's your responsibility to nudge the relevant people for their input**

Reviewer: s/importand/important/g

>     - The important thing is not to get the RFC approved, but to get the right people involved and commenting. That means you might need to chase them to make sure it happens - tag the people, present at all hands, use offsites or other sync time - **it's your responsibility to nudge the relevant people for their input**

Author: ```suggestion
    - The aim is not to get one person to mark the as RFC approved, but to get the right people involved and commenting. It's a request for _comments_ not a request for _approval_. That means you might need to chase them to make sure it happens - tag the people, present at all hands, use offsites or other sync time - **it's your responsibility to nudge the relevant people for their input**
```
